So I set up an apache2 webserver so you guys can see some files that I host, and I don't have anything
up there right now, so I thought I would put together a changelog (and the solutions to common problems).
However, the problem with this is that the one app that I currently have hosted here... is almost done.
Therefore, there will only be a few files in this log. This one will overview the features that currently
exist on the system, and the solution to a bug if you are using Chrome on Android.

Well, it's a music server. I welcome you all to go ahead and put any kind of music file that you want on
here (Although, if it is inappropriate, just remember that I have complete admin rights to this site, so
just try me :)). Each file uploaded to the server gets its own "cartrige" in the loading dock of songs.
You can scroll through the cartriges and find a song you like or want to try out, and push the play button.

The "Add File" button supports a multiple file upload, so you don't have to upload one file at at time (
You're Welcome). When uploading files, a progress bar will appear displaying the amount of the file finished
uploading. Please do not close the browser while this is still active, as it will result in a corrupt file
transfer. Gracias.

Allllllright, now to the annoying part of this app: the autoplay. I say that it is annoying because it was
annoying to program, annoying to debug, and annoying to find the solution to the problem about to be outlined.
On mobile phones, there is a feature to disallow playing of a media file unless the user specifically told
it to. This is an issue with autoplay because as one song finishes, the next is supposed to play, however,
you didn't specifically tell it to play. This is an issue with the browser, not the website. If you want to
make use of the autoplay feature, you will need to disable a feature listed in the browser. I have no idea
how to do this unless you are on Chrome in the Android OS.

1. Open Chrome
2. Navigate to the URL: chrome://flags
3. Find where it says: "Gesture requirement for media playback"
4. Disable this feature
5. Enjoy Autoplay

In order to activate autoplay, click the button in the bottom left hand corner with the circular line (lol, 
gotta love Ms. Miles). When active the button will turn red. Then push play on a song that you want to start
with. When this song is finished, the autoplay feature will automatically start the next song. In order to
deactivate autoplay, click the same button again.

If you are on an updated version of your OS and web browser, you will be able to do something else on your
device while your music plays.

The thing that I just added is the sending of the name of the audio file to a bluetooth enabled car when
playing a song through the car from your device. I'm pretty sure that's it for the music application.

I'm sure you noticed that you are now shown the home page for the server including links to the apache file
server and the music server (as well as other applications that I might make in the future). This will be
updated every time the layout of my computer has changed.

I'm pretty sure no one read all the way down here, but if you did, you get free candy!!!
